Add Default Policies [#624] (#654)
ethyca/fidesops: docs/fidesops/docs/guides/policies.md

And lastly, access rules will always run before erasure rules. 

## Default Policies

Fidesops ships with two default Policies: `download` (for access requests) and `delete` (for erasure requests).  
The `download` Policy is configured to retrieve `user.provided.identifiable` data and upload to a local storage location.
The `delete` Policy is set up to mask `user.provided.identifiable` data with the string: `MASKED`.  

> You will want to create separate Policies that upload to a proper storage destination that target the fields you care about,
> and handle the fields in the appropriate way.  But these autogenerated Policies can get you up and running
> in a test environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These autogenerated Policies are intended for use in a test environment. In production deployments, you should configure separate Policies with proper storage destinations that target and process the appropriate fields.
```
